Deprecate credentials.nickname (#2437)
realm/realm-js: CHANGELOG.md

3.0.0-beta.X Release notes (TBD)
=============================================================
### Breaking Changes

> * Removed the `isAdmin` parameter from `Credentials.nickname` as that has no effect in new ROS versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the `isAdmin` parameter from `Credentials.nickname` as that has no effect in new Realm Object Server versions.
```

Reviewer: Do you remember which ROS version?

Author: In the next ROS version 😄

> * Deprecated the `Credentials.nickname` method as the nickname auth provider will not be supported in future ROS versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deprecated the `Credentials.nickname` method as the nickname auth provider will not be supported in future Realm Object Server versions.
```
